[Music]
Well well well family what I just
saw the scene the little number that
turns into Sálvame with the
Lydia Lozano theme it turns out that apparently
on the set of Sálvame Kiko Hernández
Javier the biggest feminists on
television at 12 ms and 12 causa
turns out to have been
humiliating her and making some fun of her
physical issues regarding the collaborator's physical appearance,
that if the hump that I know you can
see the beer and this would have offended
Lydia Lozano a lot to the point
that she exploded on the set she started an
incredible row crying and she didn't want to
participate in Sálvame Fashion Week'
as if to say well what's happening here that
everyone has
perfect bodies or what and look how much I liked it
because they applauded her on the set for the
first time in months I saw
real applause on the set it
cut off quickly several cut off
quickly but for the first time I saw
real applause on the set in
months now  that normally it's the mayor who
tells him to applaud when they say
something feminist on this occasion
Lidia Lozano said but oh well let's see
when a girl with a problem comes along
a lot of feminism there's care for
girls their mental health I don't know what I don't know
how much and to me you're doing this it's
basically that the idea is that you're a
punching bag in Salvame and they're not feminist okay it would really
annoy me to have to take
seriously that Jorge Javier is called a
feminist at this point and that the other
Kiko Hernandez with the history he has
puts on a pink robe on Twitter
when we all know that it was because of what it
was a disgrace family what do
you think of this shameful
spectacle this ridiculous ending
will be reading you see you in the next
video a hug friends
[Music]